Extract AA core functions as a library crate. (#56)
confidential-containers/attestation-agent: README.md

# Attestation Agent

Attestation Agent (AA for short) is a service function set for attestation procedure
in Confidential Containers. It provides kinds of service APIs that need to make

> requests to the Rely Party (Key Broker Service) in Confidentail Containers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests to the Relying Party (Key Broker Service) in Confidential Containers,
```

and performs an attestation and establishes connection between the Key Broker Client (KBC)
and corresponding KBS, so as to obtain the trusted services or resources of KBS.

Current consumers of AA include: 

- [ocicrypt-rs](https://github.com/confidential-containers/ocicrypt-rs)
- [image-rs](https://github.com/confidential-containers/image-rs)

## Components

The main body of AA is a rust library crate, which contains KBC modules used to communicate
with various KBS. In addition, this project also provides a gRPC service application, 
which allows callers to call the services provided by AA through gRPC.

## Library crate

Import AA in `Cargo.toml` of your project with specific KBC(s):

```toml

> attestation-agent = { git = "https://github.com/confidential-containers/attestation-agent", features = ["sample_kbc"] }

Author: That's a good idea, maybe we can mention it in README ？
